This is the proprietary binary video driver from NVidia for the X.Org
X-server. This package does not include the kernel module - it is a part
of the nvidia-legacy390-kernel package at SlackBuilds.org.

Installing the 32-bit compatibility libraries is available: if desired,
do:
  COMPAT32="yes" ./nvidia-legacy390-driver.SlackBuild

If you plan to test this buildscript on current (15.0 EXPERIMENTAL), to
avoid stomping on xorg-serverand  libglvnd, do:
  CURRENT="yes" ./nvidia-driver.SlackBuild

If you build and install this driver on current WITHOUT using the
CURRENT="yes" flag, it will corrupt both xorg-server AND libglvnd, so
after removing the driver both packages will have to be reinstalled.

This script now gives the option of installing the nvidia-persistenced
daemon.  For details see README.nvidia-persistenced.

Several useful utilities are included: nvidia-xsettings, nvidia-smi, and
nvidia-settings.  Please refer to the Nvidia documentation and man pages
for details and usage.

For CUDA/OpenCL to work after reboot, and for utilites such as
nvidia-smi, you might need to include the following line in your
/etc/rc.d/rc.local: (this is REQUIRED for nvidia-persistenced to work
properly)

    # Create missing nvidia device nodes after reboot
    /usr/bin/nvidia-modprobe -c 0 -u

Included is a script called nvidia-switch, which is used to switch
between the xorg and nvidia drivers, but it will not edit xorg.conf for
you; you have to do that manually.  The nvidia-switch script is
installed to /usr/sbin.

Usage of nvidia-switch:
  nvidia-switch --install  <--> save the stock xorg files and
                                install the nvidia files and symlinks.
  nvidia-switch --remove   <--> remove the nvidia files and symlinks and
                                restore the stock xorg files.

NOTES:
Since nvidia-legacy390-driver conflicts with some files of xorg, it's a
bit complex to install/uninstall the driver.  However, installation of
the nvidia-legacy390-driver package backs up the conflicting files and
puts the nvidia-specific files into place by automatically running
nvidia-switch --install in doinst.sh.

Before uninstalling or upgrading this package, it is IMPORTANT that
you execute 'nvidia-switch --remove', which will switch back to the
stock xorg files and remove all links created by nvidia-switch during
installation. If you forget to do this, you might have to do the switch
manually, since 'nvidia-switch --install' may fail, resulting in xorg
not working. Here are the affected files (and their packages):

  /usr/lib[64]/libGL.so.1.2 (mesa)
  /usr/lib[64]/libGL.la (mesa)
  /usr/lib[64]/libGLESv1_CM.so.1.0.0 (mesa)
  /usr/lib[64]/libGLESv2.so.2.0.0 (mesa)
  /usr/lib[64]/libEGL.so.1.0.0 (mesa)
  /usr/lib[64]/xorg/modules/libwfb.so (xorg-server)
  /usr/lib[64]/xorg/modules/extensions/libglx.so (xorg-server)

Simply remove the dead nvidia symlinks and and reinstall the mesa and
xorg-server packages.  (In current, if libglx.so is a dead symlink,
it MUST be removed before reinstalling xorg-server.)

